MUST DO : 

Add direct replies
Add conversations able
Create real map of Toronto and Southern Ontario cities in launch with revised geojson file - ai help on drawing it
Map to homepage 
Subscribe to feeds
Notifications on the map
Still persisting - First time trying to post in a new session, error = Missing Refresh Token (audience: 'https://dev-g0wpwzacl04kb6eb.ca.auth0.com/api/v2/', scope: 'openid profile email offline_access')
CSS consistent post size on desktop that's a bit wider
CSS comment slight indent with an arrow for the first one, spacing for when there's multiple  
CSS black icons for all functions
Email notifications for user actions (maybe send grid free tier)
Downvote notification or design when done 
Page and comments and likes all jittering around 
New upvotes not on deals sending posts to the bottom.. a tied time thing. Algorithm needed. 
User action notifications
Main feed load quicker
Text line breaks on post feed. Avail in postING mode but not in final feed 
Next - need to add deals, blind and events (Maybe event brite api integration) 
Post design on desktop and mobile
Better comment design vs. Post vs users 
Content moderation tools in server .. somewhere outside public 
Route real URL
Change username function
Add multiple photos on an item, restricted numbers
Need to learn to actually kill servers. Not working and is needed every time we add a new endpoint
And add all functions back in for them 
- separate design
Local env the feed pulls are in the wrong spot
Post classes:, party, article 
Likes and dislikes on posts 
Flow from map to post is not clear, can be more logical
Algorithm that serves these post classes based on likes, recency and proximity 
Specific points and clout class for deals that ties to account
Specific privacy class for usernames for blinds
- idea: card flip like original scavenge design - for blinds. Maybe something to apply to all post classes full screen mobile with detective dossier design
Specific privacy class for location for party
Privacy option for some communities
Pinned deal, party, blind, article and post 'of the day' based on algorithm 
Ability to change username
Account pages
Nav as clean as possible 
Better auth design and an auth page
Show location on default if possible, tried and failed before (Geolocation api implementation to reduce requests?)
Clean up comment design
Clean up post design
Shared CSS file for all design items?
Condense and design the feed pull 
Ads integrated 
Payment feature added for corporate deals or other items.
Proper logo
Splash page intro
Gumshoe organization page link from header with a contact us?
Backend content moderation system 
Backend hidden stats page
All debugging, device, browser testing
- feed and design of page moving around when page loads (columns look uncertain and adjust on load)
- delay on posts showing up on the feed after you go to a new feed 
Design sprint

** cache refresh time down to 1 min for node content - faster, but more server resources. 

CONVERSATIONS TABLE FEEDBACK 

CREATE TABLE conversations (
    id SERIAL PRIMARY KEY,
    participant1_id VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    participant2_id VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
    last_message_at TIMESTAMP DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
    FOREIGN KEY (participant1_id) REFERENCES accounts(auth0_id),
    FOREIGN KEY (participant2_id) REFERENCES accounts(auth0_id),
    UNIQUE(participant1_id, participant2_id)
);


PRODUCT OVERALL 

- Fall in love with the problem, not the solution - 
- User stories and product mgmt focus - 
- Revenue, tech stack cost, dependency modelling - 
- business partnerships -
- neighbourhood vs. Distance approach, re: scalability vs. Personability and fun - 

LAUNCH & NEXT MAR 21 

- Wilbur 
- Cathy 
- Investor deck
- Pitch

MEDIA AND STORAGE 

I- compression for large or near limit photos
I- Speed 
I- how how to handle image validation?
I- Show how to handle image resizing


DATABASE

database = postgresql://postgres:vKXvcmZdIzhIqGRxdOLWTvAXCeZyagJl@junction.proxy.rlwy.net:50368/railway
using DATABASE_PUBLIC_URL varialbe - 
